weekend woodsmen teaming with acorn
outdoors we're crushing them today run
our way to our first goose on ever woke
up at about 3:30 in the morning and now
we're on our way about 4:30 in the
morning to where we're meeting up with
the guys
that's after going to bed at midnight
12:30 fighting the power going out and
aft
stamps and get hip certified and
the Walmart hit the steel shot go back
in the ballpark get more still show
now we're ready to go ready to shoot
some birds baby it took me three shots
but I finally got the damn thing I
actually aimed on the third one
yeah I'm Riley yeah the one that's
walking
all right I gotta go kill that one
that's got head up still
so we really got 25 whoo hey guys we're
gonna get some beer yeah we owe you guys
a bunch hey an awesome man you got to
make sure cuz you can't come up short if
you like this video make sure to hit the
like button and subscribe to our Channel
thanks for watching